
●━━━━━━────── Privacy Statement of KB727.COM ⇆ ◁ ❚❚ ▷ ↻


At kb727.com, we are committed to protecting the privacy of our users. This notice describes our privacy statement. By visiting kb727.com, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy statement.

╭──╯ Collecting of Information

We collect personal information when you provide it to us, such as when you contact us through the website and email.

As you navigate through our website, certain passive information will also be collected, including Internet Protocol addresses, cookies and navigational data. This type of information will be used in the aggregate for the purposes of gathering data to improve our website, and to improve the quality of your experience when interacting with our website. This information will not be linked with any personal information.

╭──╯ Sharing of Information

In general, personal information you submit to us is used to respond to requests that you make or to provide or improve our services. We do not sell personal information to others and only share such information as described below.

(1) We may share some or all of your personal information with our affiliated businesses. Information with these businesses is shared in the form of click-through streams.

(2) We may disclose your personal information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to comply with relevant laws or to protect and defend the rights or property of our website and users.

(3) If our website is acquired by another company, that company will possess the personal information collected by us and it will assume the rights and obligations regarding your personal information as described in this privacy statement.

╭──╯ Links to Other Sites

Our website contains links to other web sites. we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these sites. If you have concerns about how other web sites collect and use information about you, make sure to read that site's own privacy statement.


 ◟◟◞◞
 (◔◡◔)
╰ ▒▒ ╯
 ╜╙