
●━━─── Clients Reviews  ⇆ ◁ ❚❚ ▷ ↻

KB727 is a trusted content writing partner for businesses, agencies and e-commerce. Here's what our clients say......

╭──╯ Selling KB727's original works on Etsy is a good start-up project, and it is suitable for people who want to learn how to run a business. Highly recommended team and product to work with! (Daniel Chapman, Etsy seller, Denver, United States)

╭──╯ By going through the copyright transfer process in advance, you don't have to worry about infringement by reselling these electronic works originally created by KB727. (Simon Mathew, Legal adviser, Jakarta, Indonesia)

╭──╯ E-commerce sellers take advantage of the information gap to sell original course materials by KB727, which is low-cost and high-profit, and it is not difficult to earn hundreds of dollars a month as long as the products are selected properly. (Deniz Caldwell, Amazon seller, Detroit, United States)

╭──╯ Before the opening of the China Import Expo, we chose KB727, they provided our company with best-in-class Chinese content writing services. Also, the team's responsiveness was great. Keep it up! (Samuel H. Kernell, Logistics manager, Cape Town, South Africa)

╭──╯ KB727 original course materials have a low cost, no need to reserve goods, no shipping, all electronic document formats can be downloaded directly, the transaction is very simple, I followed a seller before, almost every day about 200 orders, the only cost is the cost of $0.2 on the shelf, and the rest is taxes and transaction fees. (Kent Lewis, eBay seller, Virginia, United States)

╭──╯ A document created by KB727 can be sold countless times, the cost of selling to 1 person and 1000 people is the same, almost zero marginal cost, the profit margin can be more than 70%, the money earned is deducted from the cost of the platform, it can basically be a net income, for example, I am selling some electronic templates, a copy is about $30, and the deduction fee is about $26, and you can copy it infinitely. (Vilhel Mina, eBay seller, Ontario, Canada)

╭──╯ KB727 provides specialized Chinese copywriting services for e-commerce. 1) The advantages of virtual products are low logistics costs. In cross-border transactions, a large part of the cost comes from logistics. Cross-border transportation distances are long, and prices fluctuate greatly, so logistics costs are higher and less controllable. Virtual products are shipped online, without logistics, and naturally there is no logistics cost. 2) Less financial pressure: The pressure brought by hoarding to the capital chain is relatively large, especially when the sales of goods are not as expected, it will face the risk of breaking the capital chain. Virtual products do not need to be stockpiled, so the capital investment is small, the amount occupied is small, and the overall financial pressure will be much lighter. 3) The tutorial and material works delivered by KB727 have low reproduction cost and can be sold repeatedly. Virtual products are usually reproducible, and if they can be done well, the benefits they can bring are very clear. 4) High profits: The production cost of virtual products is low, and there is no need for logistics costs, so the overall cost is low, and the price of virtual products is actually not low, so the overall profit is still very considerable. (Prithviraj, Amason seller, Mumbai, India)

 ◟◟◞◞
 (◔◡◔)
╰ ▒▒ ╯
 ╜╙
