
●━━─── Privacy Statement  ⇆ ◁ ❚❚ ▷ ↻

KB727.com are committed to protecting the privacy of our users. Unauthorized use of the content of this website will face legal action.

╭──╯ Collecting of Information

We collect personal information when you provide it to us, such as when you contact us through the website and email. We collect personal information when you provide it to us, such as when you contact us through the Website and email. We insist on carefully maintaining the security of all correspondence information, and recommend that you avoid using your real name or spelling when filling in information on the public website platform, do not fill in forms online unless necessary, and try to replace mobile phone numbers with email for initial contact with strangers. We recommend that you do not disclose private information about yourself and your family on social media. When posting photos, be careful not to upload family members and personal information. Be cautious about posting facial photos on social software, as well as train tickets, boarding passes and other information with names, ID numbers, QR codes, etc., and do not easily transfer personal identification documents and bank cards. We do not recommend that you store photos in the cloud, and do not upload photos with sensitive information when necessary to avoid leakage and use by others. Do not use personal key information, such as passwords, etc. to use document storage, and should not use U disk or mobile hard disk storage for documents containing key information, to prevent the loss of U disk or mobile hard disk and leakage of personal information. As you navigate through our website, certain passive information will also be collected, including Internet Protocol addresses, cookies and navigational data. This type of information will be used in the aggregate for the purposes of gathering data to improve our website, and to improve the quality of your experience when interacting with our website. This information will not be linked with any personal information.

╭──╯ Sharing of Information

Sharing of Information: We continuously update the information, which is presented in an insensitive manner after verification, and the expired information has been deleted in a timely manner. We keep our emails and QR codes secure. In general, personal information you submit to us is used to respond to requests that you make or to provide or improve our services. We do not sell personal information to others and only share such information as described below: (1) We may share some or all of your personal information with our affiliated businesses. Information with these businesses is shared in the form of click-through streams. (2) We may disclose your personal information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to comply with relevant laws or to protect and defend the rights or property of our website and users. (3) If our website is acquired by another company, that company will possess the personal information collected by us and it will assume the rights and obligations regarding your personal information as described in this privacy statement.

╭──╯ Links to Other Sites

Our website contains links to other web sites. we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these sites. If you have concerns about how other web sites collect and use information about you, make sure to read that site's own privacy statement.

 ◟◟◞◞
 (◔◡◔)
╰ ▒▒ ╯
 ╜╙
